# Developer Outreach

This repository contains a web application designed to help developers reach out to companies with a customizable email template generated by OpenAI. This tool aims to assist developers in marketing themselves effectively to potential employers.

## Purpose

The purpose of this project is to streamline the process of reaching out to companies by generating professional email templates tailored to the developer's skills and experiences. This not only saves time but also ensures that the emails are well-crafted and personalized.

## Features

- Fetches companies information using SerpApi.
- Generates personalized email templates using OpenAI.
- Allows developers to customize and copy email subjects and bodies.

## Upcoming Features

- **Authentication Login**: Implement user authentication to manage personal templates and settings.
- **Edit Email Generation Prompt**: Allow users to customize the prompt used to generate email templates.
- **Scrape Contact Emails**: Extract contact emails from company websites.
- **Save and Paginate Templates**: Save generated templates and enable pagination through saved templates.
- **UI Improvements**: Update the UI for a cleaner and more user-friendly experience.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/johnmccants002/devoutreach.git
   cd devoutreach
   ```

2. Install the dependencies:

```
npm install
```

3. Start the application:

```
npm start
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! To contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch:

   ```sh
   git checkout -b feature-name

   ```

3. Make your changes and commit them:

```sh
git commit -m 'Add new feature'
```

4. Push to the branch:

```sh
git push origin feature-name
```

5. Create a pull request.

## Contact Me

My email is johnmccants002@gmail.com
